[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH].
[NON-ENGLISH]
>> So for me, the light language
began signing through my hands.
>> Oh, OK.
Like a sign language.
>> Right.
>> Oh, wow.
>> I was working on clients.
I had had an
Axiatonal alignment.
And after that, when I
was working on clients,
my hands would start
to move around.
And so I just watched it.
You know, they
were-- it was silent.
Their eyes were closed.
It was lovely.
And that was how
it began for me.
And that was the easy part.
Because when the sound
wanted to start coming out,
I was really reticent
with that at first.
But of course now I'm glad
I got over that hurdle.
>> Nice.
So each hand-- does each
hand movement have a word
or a sentence to it, or--
>> So with hand movements-- and
this could apply to something
verbal, spoken or sung as well,
but especially with the hand
movements, what I notice is
there are times where my hands
are actually writing light
language in the energy field.
So it would be the same
as if it was on paper,
but it's just in the air.
It's in a three-dimensional
plane there.
And then there are other
times where my hands are just
moving energy.
They're responding to it.
And so sometimes it'll
go into like a mudra.
Other times it might
go over a chakra,
or it might just
hold and stabilize
some energy that's flowing.
But the hands are kind of a
simultaneous language that's
going on.
Something's coming
out of my mouth.
And that's just the part
that's either verbal, audible,
or visible.
Because there are times
where I'm seeing language
coming out of my eyes.
Sometimes I've seen it
coming out of my elbow
or out of my throat.
Sometimes I'm hearing or seeing
languages that they're not
audible or visible.
>> And do you see when people
write light language in the--
I've seen some other channelers
write light language,
and it looks almost like an
alien writing or something.
>> It does.
There's so many different
dialects, you know?
Some of it looks
similar to some things
that we might know,
like kanji or Sanskrit.
Some of it looks very different.
Some of it looks more symbolic.
>> And these are the symbols
you see when you're transmitting
this?
Do you see those
actual symbols, or--
>> Sometimes I'll
see symbols, yes.
And it can vary.
It can be different languages.
And sometimes
they're clear to me,
and sometimes they're
just moving too fast.
And this was so
many of them, it's
not like I was seeing individual
glyphs or anything like that.
But it was there.
>> And there was stuff.
Was it coming out
your elbow today?
>> No, no, it wasn't.
That was like a whole immersion.
It was really interesting.
Almost like an explosion of
light, in a positive sense.
>> Right.
Well, it looked beautiful.
It sounded awesome.
So thank you for sharing.
You said yesterday,
in the past you've
channeled many different
types of entities,
but today I think we're
going to focus on Areon.
Can you just briefly,
before we go in there,
and I'll ask them
the same thing.
But how did that come
about, and what--
who are they, I
guess, in a sense.
I'll ask-- I'll ask
them who they are.
But how did you start the
process of channeling Areon?
>> So I had been
channeling for many years.
And it was often
different energies
that were coming through.
And in, I think it was November
of 2012, Areon came to me
and said, we'd like for
you to channel us directly.
Because our information
can be helpful to humanity
at this time.
And they even said,
humanity's on a trajectory.
They're on a timeline
that is now--
our information can
be more helpful.
And I think getting so
close to that 1212 was--
at that time, we were ready
for a deeper connection
in with our heritage, that
had always been there,
but we were just ready
to bring it out more.
And they like getting
into the details
of the mental and emotional.
So they brought through
a beautiful channeling
at that time.
And I was alone, by
myself, in a room.
And it was such a loving energy.
And I recognized that
energy that of course I
was willing to do that.
You know, it's been really
wonderful channeling them.
At that time, I said yes.
But it's not like I ran,
and I'm like, OK, well,
I'm doing one this weekend.
You know, I was getting
settled into other things.
And I connected with
a friend of mine who
I hadn't told any of that to.
Because I had seen that they
were connecting with me,
and they were--
every couple of weeks, I
would tune into their energy.
And they were actually
forming their name.
And they had
identified themselves
as the Lyran Council of Time.
And so I didn't--
I wasn't asking for a name.
I figured that's how
they wanted to be known.
But they I kept seeing
the letter A, and I knew
they were creating the name.
But I couldn't see
the whole thing.
So I was chatting with a friend.
And he's very good at
getting names like that.
We've had a lot of
synchronicities in that way.
And I hadn't told him
anything about that.
And he said, I can
see these energies
that are connected to you.
I'm like, yeah.
They're forming a name.
Can you get their name?
And he's like, no.
I can't see their name, but
I'm seeing the letter A.
And I'm like, yes, yes.
That's all I'm getting too.
So a few weeks later, they
came to me, and they said,
here's the name we want to use.
It's Areon.
And they showed it
to me spelled out.
And I complained.
[LAUGHS]
>> Right.
Why did you complain?
>> I'm a healthy skeptic.
So.
[LAUGHS] Oh, does that really
have to be the name, you know?
What if some people
think it's Aryan,
and they have negative
connotations with that.
And they're like, no.
That's the name.
[LAUGHS] And they
just left it at that.
And so they were explaining to
me at that time that the reason
they wanted that name, the
A-R, it represents air, energy,
the mental, the subtle energy.
They deal a lot with the
mental and emotional.
And then eon, you know,
that makes sense time, time.
>> Time, yeah.
>> So they left it at that.
And then about a couple
of weeks, a month later,
they came back.
And all they said was
now spell it backwards.
So A-R-E-O-N spelled
backwards spells "no era."
So timelessness.
>> Nice.
>> And I was like, oh.
That's perfect.
>> There you go, yes.
>> And I was glad they
let that time lapse--
ba-dum-bum.
[LAUGHS] But I was glad
they let that time lapse.
Because it made it
more important to me.
Like sometimes we feel like
we want everything right now,
but sometimes this beautiful
physical experience,
when things happen
over phases in time,
that was even more special.
So I really liked getting
to know them in that way.
>> Cool.
Well, I look forward
to talking to them.
>> Yes.
>> And we can
bring them through.
>> Yes.
>> Hello, Areon.
>> Blessed be.
>> I have a few questions today.
I've been spending a
lot of time with Jayme
and getting to know her
and getting to know you
guys through her.
And it's great to communicate
in this way, in this fashion.
First off, I wanted to ask,
from Areon's perspective,
what is time?
>> Mm.
Time is an important
aspect of the experience
that you are having.
From your density, you
experience the linearity
of time.
So your past is complete,
your present is now,
and your future has
not yet occurred.
We do not like to start by
saying time does not exist,
because the experience of
it exists in this reality.
And when you
understand that deeply,
then you can integrate into
the next level of truth
or understanding of time.
Time is a function
of your density.
Because movement
is constant, you
experience linear time
because of the speed
at which you move
and experience.
So your biomechanism helps
you to linearize time.
It helps you to
linearize experience.
And time is the effect of
the speed of your movement.
When you observe the
things that are around you,
you see some that move fast
and others that move so slow,
you would consider that
no movement at all.
The rocks around you.
You do not see them move in
the same way that you move.
And so there is a definition
that separates them
from your experience.
Because the pace is different.
The density is slower.
Time is the effect of the
pace of that movement.
So as you understand
the experience
that you are having slows
time into its linear form,
you can then utilize the subtle
aspect of it much more clearly.
So we begin to
teach this in ways
that help you understand the
linear aspect applies, and you
can start to add other
layers of application.
So where we usually begin
is the understanding
that within your present
moment, your past exists now.
All of the experiences that
you have had in your life,
all of the experiences that you
have observed from others, all
of the experiences through
the genetics of your DNA, all
of that past is in
your present moment,
because it has created
the defined experience
that you are having.
Within that present
moment, your future already
exists now because the choices,
the actions, the inactions, all
that you are experiencing
in your present
is aligning you with
future potentials.
So time is part of you.
It is part of this density.
And as the density changes, the
rules of time change as well.
But it is for you to
change within and release
the resistance so
that you can flow
more easily with the
non-resistant, nonlinear
aspects of the timeless
nature that you are.
>> Beautiful.
Thank you.
So I was going to--
I was thinking as you
were describing time.
And in past episodes,
I've covered
the different density
levels, rocks and plants
sort of being at a first
density, second density,
and third density.
And different channelers have
slightly different reference
points or charts that they use.
But we all have this word,
density, and density levels.
Would time-- it seems
that time is associated
with these density levels.
>> It is.
>> OK.
>> We like to differentiate
between how you verbalize
dimensions and how you
verbalize densities.
Dimensions are a set of
rules that are helpful
only because of
your perspective.
Density considers the overall
resonance and interaction
of those dimensional rules.
So when you consider
your density,
you are creating an overview
of how the interaction occurs.
Your third density,
which is where humanity
has been residing and
resonating for a very long time,
your third density helps slow
you into enough separation
that you see the
movement through time,
you experience the
because it's fast enough
to mark those time frames,
but it's slow enough that
you can get into the details.
Your fourth density, where you
are crossing over and merging
back and forth and blinking
into and out of, depending
on the individuals, their
individual perspectives,
your fourth density is still
separate in physical form.
It is still slow enough
that the effects of time
are still there.
But there is a resonance
that is more consciously
connected with the
subtle rules of magnetism
and allowing the overall
resonance to determine
rather than just control.
When you are shifting
into that fourth density,
you are starting to interact
with time in a different way.
And this is the connection
between your Mayan calendar.
There are many other
indigenous and ancient cultures
that marked these
points, that understood
the overall cycle,
the cycles that
are so long that humanity could
not easily see them moving.
So your fourth density, you
begin to understand life
from more connection.
You begin to see some
of those longer cycles.
You begin to feel some
of those differences
in movement where the
duality of opposites
is more connected
into one experience.
I feel like I am
moving fast, and I
feel like I'm moving slow.
I feel like I'm in time, and
I feel my timeless nature.
Your fourth density
begins to connect.
And that is the exciting
point that humanity is at now,
where they start to
experience more connection.
They start to
experience more impact
from their overall resonance
because the expansion that
is occurring is creating
more connection within.
So the intuitive signals
are starting to open up.
The deeper thread
of connection is
starting to become more
apparent, or the lack thereof.
So the opposites are either
felt as more connected
or they are felt
as more drastic.
Part of the aspect
of that connection
creates a sense of a
stronger separation
or more polarization.
And it is that aspect
that helps give
the perspective of new form.
You see this in your
cellular structure
as it separates in order
to create new form.
And this is the process that
humanity is now experiencing.
Where is there
separation, where is there
opportunity for connection.
Because that is what
separation shows
is how a deeper or a stronger
connection can be created.
There is still physicality
within that fourth density.
So for some, the experiences
are not drastic enough
to sustain the believing.
And this is why
it is so important
for the inner experience, the
subtle bridge, the thoughts
and the emotions, to
become much clearer.
So that each being is
connecting within the self
and with the invisible that is
not necessarily already formed.
And that part that you are
experiencing now, some of that
comes with understanding
time more deeply,
relaxing into the
resistance that
resists the future potentials
or resists the present moment
or holds tension from the past.
Part of that is the
strengthening of the self
so that what is going
on around and seems
to be more separation
or polarization
does not distort the beam.
So the density that
you are moving into
will still have
physical separation
and yet more of a
connection within the self
and within the subtle realm.
>> It seems that--
well, first off,
let me ask, what
density does this Areon
consciousness that I'm
speaking to now reside in?
>> We have moved beyond density,
and we bridge back and forth
between non-density,
non-physicality,
and enough density to
be able to communicate.
The Lyran connection
with this, there
is Lyran aspects that
have moved beyond density.
So from your
numerical system, you
would consider us 7th density.
Some would call us
different densities
or might use different numbers.
Yet from our standpoint, we
are no longer in physical form.
And even our densest nature does
not hold physical separation.
That may not be true for
all Lyran experiences,
but the energetics that
you are speaking with now,
that is our resonance.
>> I see.
Other episodes, you said that
Earth is a seventh density
consciousness.
Would that be a little bit
different than Earth itself,
the collective
consciousness of Earth,
is a seventh density being,
is that in the realms, or--
>> The consciousness of Earth?
Yes.
>> OK.
I see.
So we-- a similar consciousness
then to our planet, with--
and I guess the way
I see that is all--
not just humanity, but all of
the different consciousnesses
that reside on Earth, the
plants, the animals, the rocks,
all the unseen
realms and dimensions
that we don't necessarily
even see or all of us
come in contact with.
All of that combined together
in this grand consciousness
called Earth.
And so it's on that scale
that we're talking to
with the Lyrans, or bigger.
>> It is as if there are
layers within layers.
And this is where the words
sometimes become difficult.
Because it is helpful
to understand it
from your perspective and then
add another layer of truth,
another layer of truth,
another layer of truth.
There are aspects
of consciousness
that one could almost
always consider
the highest density available.
It is not always true.
There are aspects
of consciousness
that will sustain more of a
density level of separation.
And that is part of moving
through and integrating
the overall consciousness
experience so
that the ultimate creation or
resolution has a purer form.
Otherwise, it keeps
reforming itself
until there is that clarity
that can no longer be refined.
So the consciousness of
Earth holds many levels.
And there are levels that can
communicate or can sustain
physical form that integrate
but would be considered separate
from your perspective.
And there is that separation.
There is that depth of density.
And there is that higher density
or lack of density as well.
They all exist.
It is just like
the nature of time.
You experience the
separation of it,
but it is all existing
at once as well.
>> And to expand, well, I
guess what part of this global
ascension, this global
transformation that's happening
on the planet right
now, is us, humanity,
awakening to these
unseen realms,
these subtle things that
we're just talking about.
And to do that, it seems this
cancellation of the polarity,
this knowing the
other side of the coin
and operating from a
place of non-polarity,
or I call it trinity
consciousness,
the third choice, I say
a lot in my own studies,
in my own language.
And is that what's happening
here with this ascension?
And could you talk about
the ascension a little bit
and in your words?
>> Ascension is a
very natural process.
It is just like plants that grow
through seasons or humans that
grow from child into adult.
It is a very natural process.
And what you are
experiencing now
is where the expansion
of your understanding
of the subtle realms is
becoming more conscious to you.
You've always been
interacting with them,
but the resonance
was not strong enough
to sustain the focus or the
clarity of connection within.
This is why it is
important to observe
the subtle bridge, the
thoughts, and the emotions,
so that you are tuning in to the
inner realm, the subtle aspect
of self, that
communication bridge
between your physical nature
and your non-physical nature.
So what humanity
is experiencing now
is an expansion into more
of that conscious connection
with the subtle realm.
So it is a matter of then
tuning in to the self, creating
more ease and flow
and strength within,
more personal empowerment,
more flow of love,
but from that strength that
understands the conditions
of the physical realm.
Because your unconditional
nature is your subtle realm.
It is your inner realm.
That is where you heal,
you find forgiveness,
you find new perspective
of connection.
You nurture the self into
more wholeness and strength.
That then creates a
different resonance
that is interacting
from physical
to non-physical in a more
empowered, conscious,
and direct way.
It often begins by focusing
on creating with your thoughts
and emotions.
And this is healthy
understanding.
And then it becomes
much more of a depth,
of learning to navigate the
inner realms, whether it seems
like it's a positive or if it
seems like it's a negative, one
is choosing, as you say, the
third direction, the third way,
the third option, which is
to connect those opposites
and allow them to become
one coin within the self.
We often use the example
of your atomic model.
Within the nucleus
of an atom, you
know there is a
positively charged proton,
there is a neutral
charged neutron.
That creates that core within.
And if it does not have that
balance, it is unstable.
It can still create form
in this physical realm,
but it creates unstable form.
But when that is balanced, the
positivity and the neutrality,
this is the metaphor
of the self, when
you are equal in your positivity
and equal in your neutrality,
your relaxed, your
openness, your patience,
your willingness to experience.
When those are equal,
that is a stable core.
And then that negatively
charged electron
is drawn to that, which
would seem like opposite,
but it is the wholeness.
It is the two sides of the
coin that creates new form.
And this is within all
that you experience,
this metaphor, this pattern
of the atomic model.
The 99% space, 1% matter,
that is your density as well.
You are 1% physical matter.
You are 99% invisible,
subtle, non-linear.
And as you start to tune
more in to the invisible,
whether it is the thoughts
and emotions first,
it is the potentials
of the future.
When you start to
tune into that more,
you begin blending the 1%
form and the 99% invisible.
You start utilizing that
vast, subtle, invisible engine
that forms this world.
And that is what your
ascension process is.
You are aligning
the physical self
more with that 99%
invisible aspect of self.
So what then is
that aspect of self?
Well, you have many
names for this.
Some call it God.
Some call it oneness.
Some call it unity.
Some call it consciousness.
Some call it life.
It is the connective
force of life.
Well, from your emotional
standpoint, what connects?
You could say it's love,
in many different aspects.
That might be friendship.
It might be family.
It might be a shared passion.
But it is a connective force.
It might even be a shared anger.
Because that opposite is
part of that whole coin.
So if you called that
coin love, on one side,
that love may feel like bliss.
On the other side of that coin,
that love may feel like loss.
But those are one coin.
It's all love.
It's all connected.
And that is what
you are learning.
You are learning to
have the strength
to navigate the
positives, and you
are learning to
have the strength
to navigate the negatives.
Instead of having resistance
to either one of those,
you are learning to
have the strength
to navigate the connection
of both of those.
So first, as one
opens, they often
pursue that through
that aspect of love.
Well, I want more positivity.
I want more love.
I want more bliss.
So I will give more love.
And this is effective.
It is part of it.
But often, what starts to
happen is they find that that
resonance cannot be sustained,
and that also is perfect.
It is that negative
electron creating
more wholeness that seems
like there must be a problem.
I've lost that flow of love.
But that is life creating
more wholeness within.
That is life helping
you to create new form.
So that what seems
like a negative
is actually a completion.
It's the other
side of that coin.
And then when the
strength is developed
to navigate through
that flow, it
seems as if there
is less negativity.
In essence, that is true.
In some ways, there
is a layer of truth
that that negativity
is still occurring.
It is that it is not
resonant with the being,
or the things that might have
felt more negative to them
before now are part of
that strength that says,
ah, this is just completion.
This is just a new
opportunity for form.
So the process of ascension
that you are going through,
in many ways, is a mental
and emotional one first,
and then it becomes
a physical one.
But this is not to say that
your physicality will disappear.
That is not the phase of
ascension that you are in.
You are in a phase
of integration
where the separation will still
be there, with more connection
consciously.
>> Mhm.
And that's fourth density.
>> That is fourth density.
>> So I-- it seems--
I like to say everything
is a two-way pump.
So it has to go in
and come out in order
to flow, to neutralize
the two sides of the coin.
Or in the case of the analogy
you just said, to give
is to receive, and vise versa.
You can't overly give, otherwise
you deplete your own source.
>> Yes.
>> So I wanted to
go back earlier.
You mentioned that the
Lyran collective had--
correct me if I'm wrong--
but had already done all
of the separation that it could
do, [LAUGHS] then it finally--
and that's how it
was able to ascend.
>> Yes.
>> Is that what we're
doing in our sense?
We were trying all the hats on?
>> It is what you are doing.
And there are aspects
of each of you
that have experienced this
process in different ways.
There are aspects of the
self that are more connected.
There are aspects
of the self that
may perhaps be less connected.
And the process that you are
moving through over a long time
frame of time from
your perspective
is the integration
of those opposites.
The metaphor of
what we experience
is the color white,
the all inclusive,
the holding all of it,
that the separate color
rays have already reintegrated.
And this process is what
humanity is moving through
in somewhat individual
ways, because that is always
the case, and in a
collective way as well.
>> So we're going back
into the prism, in a way.
If you use the prison
analogy that everybody
knows the Pink
Floyd album cover,
of where the light
comes through,
and then it separates
into the rainbow.
We're sort of going back in.
>> Yes.
Yes.
And from that perspective
of the individuality,
it is that reintegration
back into the oneness
that occurs over time.
Because from your density,
it is the uniqueness.
It is the separation
that creates that deeper
understanding or that deeper
clarity of the reintegration.
But it is a long process
from your perspective.
>> Sure.
In the Lyran, I'm
sure time is measured
in a much different
manner, rotations
of planets around
different celestial bodies.
Is there a way to
compare in Earth years
the time it took for the Lyrans
to go through this density
shift?
Billions of years?
>> Billions.
>> OK.
Billions, yes.
The same time.
Billions of years, yes.
>> From the perspective of pain,
that feels like a long time.
>> Yes, yes.
It's perspective of pain.
Yes.
I guess it could be a lot
of births, a lot of deaths,
a lot of wars and battles.
And I guess life
itself is still--
the Lyran journey, is Earth
just an aspect of that?
>> It is an aspect of that.
So we would say that
the Lyran journey
occurs on many densities.
Because what you
are experiencing,
what humanity is experiencing,
is very much a Lyran journey.
It is not only a
Lyran journey, but it
is part of the Lyran journey.
So there is an aspect
of the Lyran energy
that is still at a
different density.
This is why we began earlier
by saying the density that you
are speaking to now is not
the totality of the Lyran
experience.
>> Right.
It's the seventh
density version,
you know, this point in time.
And we're maybe a side
story or a chapter in that.
>> An aspect within
the entire journey.
A chapter within
the entire book.
>> Right, right, right.
And a subchapter
of the subchapter,
if you look at all the other--
you know, we have the lineages,
I guess.
And this is in other
works we get into.
But the Syrian, there's all
these different star system,
Pleiadians and
different chapters,
I suppose, that we can use
to reference our own chapter.
>> Yes.
Yes.
Like the line of a family.
>> Yes.
A family line.
It's a beautiful thing.
And I guess this is how we say
we learn from our mistakes,
but we also repeat
[LAUGHS] history a lot too.
How do we-- how do
we do it different?
Or should we even try?
Is it just going to
unfold in its own way?
>> Yes and no.
It is the whole
coin, yet the density
that you are experiencing
is about the individual.
And we would say to you that
the key is to look within.
The key is to
change your journey.
And all else out there
ripens on its own.
You are 99% invisible.
You are 99% connected.
You are vast.
It is for the individual
to find that power within.
Rather than controlling
the external,
when you shift
the internal, that
is what transforms the
entire thing much faster.
Much of your communication,
though it is not conscious,
much of your
communication, 99% of it,
is occurring on an
unconscious or a subtle level.
As you allow the
human self to tune
more into the
greater self, you are
beginning to utilize that vast
engine that builds worlds.
And so it is helpful to observe
the things that are going on
around you, and it is
most helpful to interact
from this physicality.
Take the risks of interaction.
Whether they feel like
they're painful or scary,
take the risks of interaction.
Because this entire life,
all of humanity, the rocks,
the flowers, the animals,
Gaia, the Earth, the things
that you have not
even named yet,
they want to receive
your energy, just
as humanity wants
to receive love
and connection from others,
though some may protest.
Take the risks of interaction.
Nurture the self within.
Because that is where the
keys of your evolution reside.
All of this, this
physicality, often you
take it much too seriously.
It is a beautiful
expression, and at times, it
is a very painful expression.
But when you tune in to the self
and honor and love the self,
you cannot help but observe
all of life through that lens.
And as you create
that wholeness within,
you start to connect more with
the wholeness that you are,
that 99% invisible.
And then the
information flow that
is interacting even on the
physical level is much greater.
People may not be
conscious of it,
but that is when the
impact, because you're
using that vast engine,
becomes greater.
It is all the personal healing,
the personal empowerment,
the strength within, to be
willing to love the self,
to be willing to love
when it's not easy,
that is the key to your change,
your evolution, your ascension.
It's a natural process.
>> Wow.
[LAUGHS] So in
closing, how do we
integrate those people who
still choose in separation?
We still have wars
on this planet.
We still have a lot of polarity.
You said earlier do
the internal work.
So if we are internally
focusing on that,
but yet we're faced in living
on-- on this one planet
together with people
who still choose
the path of polarization,
how does one walk that line?
>> It is very important to get
your energy into this world.
This is why we speak
so much of empowerment.
Because when a being has the
strength of knowing the self so
deeply that they
will take risks,
not because of the
outcome, but because
of the passionate flow,
when you follow those,
you are flowing your
energy into this realm.
Interact with those
that may seem opposite,
or interact in the ways
that your passion flows.
Bring your energy to
the causes, the focuses,
the artistic creations,
the businesses
that you are passionate about.
That is what this world needs.
That's what helps
it move faster.
It needs the
individuals interacting.
Often, they are
the sensitive ones.
They are the compassionate ones.
They are the ones
that when they know
that wars are being
fought, not to protect,
but to sustain greed or to
overtake and hold power,
that it makes them
shrink back and contract
from the pain of that.
Because they are sensitive.
They want that
compassion to flow.
They want others to be
enjoying and feel that safety
and creativity as well.
That sensitivity is
a gift, and yet it
can be a painful
burden at times.
But it is for the
compassionate ones
to strengthen
enough that they can
handle the flow of the emotions
and let that pain flow so
that it can transform into the
strength that inspires them
into new choice.
So whether it is
a prayer for one
or a protest for another
or a vote for another
or an action for
another of giving aid,
get your energy into this world.
When the compassionate
ones start leading,
that is when the world changes.
Let yourself feel the
pain of that separation,
and then let yourself know
more deeply the determination
of creating connection in the
ways that are passion flowing
through you.
It is important, and it
comes in all kinds of ways.
But as you follow
those passions,
you find that life starts
giving you the opportunities
to be able to let
your passion flow
and be supported in this realm.
It is not always easy.
It does not always come with
the immediate gratification.
But the sustaining of the
self when one is strong,
they don't flow that passion
just for the outcome.
They flow it because
passion must flow.
That is how you deal with
observing the pain around you.
It is a reality, but
it's not the whole story.
It is just one
side of that coin.
And on the other
side of that coin
is someone discovering within
their courage or their ability
to sustain or help others.
It is what creates
more connection,
because that polarization
seems stronger at first.
It is not easy to do,
but that is the work,
and it is why each
being becoming stronger
is a vital aspect
of your ascension.
It is not just blissful
thoughts and blissful feelings.
It is the willingness to
sustain that container of love,
whether it seems
like a moment of joy,
or it seems like a moment of
pain, the container of love
is strong.
That positivity
and that neutrality
continue to find
that balance, even
though when that electron
first comes into the resonance,
it begins to shift it, and
that feels uncomfortable.
But let that be the
sense of completion
that creates more
of a determination
to hold the balance of
positivity and neutrality.
When you see pain
also see the power
that is within every being that
that being may not yet know.
And sometimes they learn
it through someone else
reaching out a hand and
helping to pull them through.
And sometimes they learn it when
there is no hand to pull them,
and they must find
that strength within.
You do not need to figure
out which one is correct.
You just need to follow
your passionate flow.
Interact in ways that may seem
a little uncomfortable at first,
but they feel like a compelling
that is drawing you forward
into more completion.
This is a powerful
time for humanity.
It is an exciting
and a beautiful time.
And yet that polarization
that is created
as that cellular division
happens for a new form to occur
can either shut one
down permanently,
or it can be the
moment in time that
creates a blending of
the strength of the past
and a connection of the
potentials of the future
in your now, in your container.
There is great power within
you, within every being.
It is just blossoming forth
in a different season,
a different moment for each.
>> So it's everybody-- even
though when these uncomfortable
times, polarity, wars,
especially for, as you were
saying, the sensitive ones,
even though these things happen,
it sounds like it's still--
we still need to come
out of our closets
and interact, integrate, take
action, and like you said,
be ourselves and
follow our passions.
>> Yes.
>> Even in those times.
It is not the easy work,
but it is part of the work.
>> It is part of the work.
It's-- yes, you've got
to get out of that shell.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yes.
Yes.
You begin to find there is less
separation, even in ideologies.
But you are not meant to
interact with every human.
You are not meant to
convince them of your way
is the right way.
You are just meant
to flow your energy
into your life, your
realm, your passions,
and it begins to change.
But then you must look
for the clues of change.
And in the times where it
seems as if that is not enough,
you must catalog that in
that beautiful, linear mind
and retouch that
time, that potential,
to help sustain that neutrality
and that positivity within you,
honoring this container, this
sacred vessel that you are,
sometimes means reaching out
and receiving and connecting.
And sometimes honoring
this sacred vessel
means saying no or
holding a boundary
or choosing not to interact.
But you want to watch
that balance of is it
my fear that is holding me back.
Am I expressing into my life.
And my over
controlling in my life.
And that internal
discernment will
speak to you of the
precious moments
that you are creating
that are accessing
new potentials for humanity.
It is the peace
within that creates
the peace in the external realm,
but do not expect every moment
to be peaceful.
And do not blame the
self when you are not
having that peaceful moment.
Nurture the self.
Nurture, just as
you would a child
that you are strengthening
for the future.
Nurture the self so that you can
sustain that container of love,
whether it is a moment of
tears, or it is a moment of joy.
>> Beautiful.
Wow.
Well, thank you.
[LAUGHS] That's some good,
good powerful medicine
for those watching and
for those who are just
coming into this information,
learning their passions,
learning how to integrate
this ascension, this process.
>> It is natural.
You cannot get it wrong.
Life is failsafed towards love.
It may take time to
manifest, but life
is failsafed towards love.
Love is that connective energy.
Life is connected.
Life returns to love.
We often end our
channelings with information
from our expression.
We say [NON-ENGLISH],, which
helps to understand some
of that connection.
Because it is easy from
a linear perspective
to assume that something
is better or worse.
And part of what is written into
the information of that phrase
is that you are so valuable
and cherished by all of life.
You are perfect in
this expression.
We receive you.
We are you.
We love you.
We are forever changed from
the interaction with you.
Your awareness is so powerful
that it affects all life.
All life embraces that.
You cannot get it wrong.
You are love.
From this density, that
separation can feel like pain.
It can feel like it's not love.
But you are love.
[NON-ENGLISH].
>> [NON-ENGLISH] to you.
[LAUGHS]
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Thank you.
[TAKES DEEP BREATH, EXHALES
SLOWLY]
>> How was that?
>> Nice.
>> [LAUGHS]
Thank you.
>> Yes, thank you so much.
>> It was fun.
>> Yes.
Where-- are you present
when this is happening?
So you're--
>> I am.
>> You're pretty much there?
>> I am, yes.
So I'm listening to it.
It is like just listening.
And it's very different for
me to channel light language
versus channeling in English.
When I'm channeling in
English, I have to--
concentrate is not
the right word.
I actually can't concentrate.
If I pay attention too much,
and they say something,
and I'm like, oh, that
reminds me of this,
I'll actually pull
the channel off.
So I can listen, but I can't
actively engage my mind.
When I channel light
language it feels completely
different to me, because my mind
is getting so much information,
and I'm paying attention
to so much data
that it's like a completely
different bandwidth.
>> Cool.
So you're--
>> They're both fun.
>> You're a
multidimensional channeler.
>> Yes.
[LAUGHS]
>> On many levels, right?
Light language,
English, sometimes you
said other languages as well.
>> Yes, yes.
>> Very cool.
Well, hey, this has been
an awesome experience.
>> This has been so much fun.
>> Yes.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you for bringing
through the wisdom.
And you continue to bring
through this wisdom for many
to enjoy and to
receive and integrate.
>> Thank you.
You are as well, so
thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
>> Awesome, thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]